# GitHub User Creation Date App\n\n## Live Demo\nVisit the live demo: [DEPLOYMENT_URL_PLACEHOLDER](DEPLOYMENT_URL_PLACEHOLDER)\n\n## Overview\nThis is a simple, single-page web application that allows users to fetch the account creation date of any GitHub user. It utilizes the GitHub API to retrieve user data and displays the `created_at` field in `YYYY-MM-DD UTC` format. The application also supports authenticated requests using an optional `token` query parameter.\n\n## Features\n*   **Fetch GitHub User Data**: Quickly retrieve account creation dates.\n*   **Formatted Output**: Displays dates in a clear `YYYY-MM-DD UTC` format.\n*   **Authentication Support**: Optional support for GitHub Personal Access Tokens via a `?token=` query parameter to mitigate API rate limits.\n*   **Responsive Design**: Built with Tailwind CSS for a modern, mobile-first user experience.\n*   **Error Handling**: Provides informative error messages for invalid usernames, API issues, or rate limits.\n\n## Technologies Used\n*   **HTML5**: Structure of the web page.\n*   **Tailwind CSS (CDN)**: For responsive and utility-first styling.\n*   **JavaScript (ES6+)**: For fetching data from the GitHub API and dynamically updating the UI.\n*   **GitHub API**: The primary data source for user information.\n\n## Setup\nThis project is a single HTML file and does not require any build tools or complex setup.\n\n1.  **Clone the repository (or copy the `index.html` content):**\n    ```bash\n    git clone <repository-url>\n    cd <repository-name>\n    ```\n    If you only have the `index.html` file, save it as `index.html` on your local machine.\n\n2.  **Open `index.html`**: Simply open the `index.html` file in your web browser.\n    ```bash\n    open index.html # On macOS\n    start index.html # On Windows\n    xdg-open index.html # On Linux\n    ```\n\n## Usage\n1.  Open `index.html` in your web browser.\n2.  Enter a GitHub username (e.g., `octocat`, `github`) into the input field.\n3.  Click the "Fetch Creation Date" button.\n4.  The account creation date will be displayed below the form.\n\n### Using an Access Token (Optional)\nTo make authenticated requests and avoid GitHub API rate limits (which are stricter for unauthenticated requests), you can append a `?token=` query parameter to your URL.\n\n1.  Generate a Personal Access Token (classic) on GitHub with no scopes (it only needs public access).\n2.  Append it to your URL like this:\n    `file:///path/to/your/index.html?token=YOUR_GITHUB_TOKEN`\n    or if hosted:\n    `https://your-domain.com/?token=YOUR_GITHUB_TOKEN`\n\n    *Replace `YOUR_GITHUB_TOKEN` with your actual Personal Access Token.*\n\n## Project Structure\n```\n.\n├── index.html\n├── README.md\n└── LICENSE\n```\n*   `index.html`: The main and only HTML file containing all the structure, styling (via Tailwind CDN), and JavaScript logic for the application.\n*   `README.md`: This file, providing project information.\n*   `LICENSE`: The MIT License text.\n\n## License\nThis project is open-sourced under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for more details.\n